Finally can start writing some stuff.

I'm not sure the point of my Musings.  Are they warnings to future me, or just talking about the development process.  I'll do the former here. 

RPGS are a nightmare.  First you have to play through the ENTIRE game, and unlike other games, you have to PLAY every scene, you can't skip much.   Even powering up your character, you're still stuck playing everything. 

Second trying to figure out if X is done is another nightmare, you have to find the script and pray it exists.  Battle systems are rough, and so on.  

But there's good news... We got the event id which is 90 percent of the problems I had.

Holy shit this is a long game though 



Chests are in this MASSIVE (Random) bitfield.   Fun. 



There's an affinity level, that might be fun to sus out, but would suck to do for an achievement.


Achievement Ideas:

Every Boss? 

Missable Magnus.

Camera pictures of every boss? 

Collecting all the chests in an areas   

We have the Constallation magnus. 

Family quest

There's a number of information online for 100 percent/ missable. 

Magnus amounts. 

"Road to 100%"  Everything but the shampoo.

Each time people join you? 

Mindeer Flight Get 11 Cards

5 of a kind?  6 of a kind?   

5 Straight, 6 straight?

Full house?

Escape Goldoba super fast? 

Sorry to keep you waiting said to Xelha after the rug pull? 
Long build up to get there. 

Post spoiler will be hard to do bosses.  But maybe track when people join back with the team. 


Leaderboard ideas.  "Time to beat" yeah. 

"Latherboard"  How long have you carried the shampoo? 

Max Music with out last tracks

Max Class Level 

SP Combos. 





Would like to get: 

Pointed to the enemies (not sure why yet) 

Map ID  for RP

Current "time".  Doesn't seem to be working.  Check either the cards time based evolution.  or check Quest Magnus being picked up. 

Need to get save protection




Haven't been keeping up with the musings, I've been using a Google Sheet for the most part. 

One thing to note, a number of chests aren't on the 100 percent guide.  Most aren't too bad (Labyrinth of Duhn) but the place with the Thunderfish misses two, and I'm sure people will be annoyed by that.  HEHE.

Is the targeting reticule of your attacks on an enemy, if so we can do a "Kill blow"   If so we can do "Kill blow done with a camera"  Might be a fun achievement. 

Also I need to grab the straights if we're going to do that. 

Probably need to break out all the achievements.  LOT of loot. 



Giving up on Time, giving up on Map ID for now.   Giving up on pointer to enemies for now. 



Found Card hands

Save protection found 

Going to take a whack at this and see how it looks tomorrow.



Need to figure out the Magnus collection, and maybe identify a few values as well.  Forgot about that one, should be a quick look tomorrow. 