Why are there no harder achievements?  What about a no credit, 1 life run? 

    Yeah I absolutely loved this idea when I looked at the game.  What I don't love is that this game can be cheated quite easily.  Won't say how, but I think most achievements are trivialized by a few things.  Mostly the game uses the same layout and at best Mirror mode just flips it.  But all I feel I'd be doing if I made super hard achievements is rewarding points to people who cheat.   If you want to prove your mettle chase the leaderboards.

What about Multiplier 5x?  

    Basically this requires an almost perfect streak for a level.  Remember you can get more than one hit off some enemies.  So, here's your challenge.  This probably could have been 10x and the best players would be able to get it, but this is what I meant by "cheese".  Cheaters easily get it, honestly players would be hard to do so. 

Why no accuracy achievement?

    Another achievement idea I loved when starting.  However accuracy isn't stored in a reasonable way.  But more importantly the game reset shot totals and hits (And innocents injured) on continue.  I have a way to get a grand total of those values however it's hard to calculate.  If I was to make an achievement it'd probably be closer to "Don't miss X times" which is a rather poor achievement. 

Why no actual ranking achievement?

    A couple reasons.  

    A. It's hard to get the score, not impossible but hard.  

    B. I don't know if anyone truly knows how the scores are calculated.

    C. Rankings are stupid.  There's a Ranking Mode 1CC Playthrough,  Who ranked 8th.  Maybe it needed more bullseye shots, but it seems rankings score is quite stupid. 

Training Vs Player is hard. 

    Yup. There's a reason you get about 50 points in about 10 minutes work.

Why the finish in each stage playthrough? 

    It's only going to take 3 playthroughs, they are slightly different scenes, and players will likely have to play through the game at least 3 times (Arcade run, Hard mode run, Ranking mode run).  Optimal is 2 runs, but it's probably going to take people an extra run or two at least. 
    
    Even if I required 6 runs, that's only about 2 hours of your time. 

Perfect Boss runs encounters suck. 

    I don't think the main bosses are that hard, but if you miss them you only have to run their stage a second time.   Secret Boss... yeah. 

What about a controller subset? 

    If there's a desire for it, I'll try, but it suffers from the same problem as the rest of the game, memorization trivializes most of the game. 

Would you make another Virtua Cop set? 

    Absolutely, these are pretty simple games, but I rather enjoyed working on it.  Having a 25 minute full playtime makes this a blessing to work on. 

Here's the Ranking mode 1CC Playthrough.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4jbGxMlIvdc 