Icon already made, no need to make a new one. 

3 levels? That's it? 

Combo system is interesting but breaks the score a bit. 

A LOT of options, they all probably need lock outs.  I need to figure out what "Default" should be.   Will do anything Under default. 

Note sure if Gun Looseness is a "cheat" though

There are cheat codes for this game. 

GAme can be beaten multiple ways, which means the final bosses may not appear.  Achievement for that? 

Accuracy achievements?

Combo Achievement For sure. 

Beat each scene?  Beat each stage? 

Beat game on Easy...  Maybe ignore all Options, but lock achievments.

You can combo people (keep them aloft) 

Don't shoot any innocent? (don't loose a life?) 

1 life 1 credit? 

Leaderboards?   Score?  Controller only.   Time doesn't really work with on-rails

Stage 2 has 3 scenes.

Secret ending. 

Extra time on the name entry screen? 

Ranking mode? 

Different endings? 

Training mode

Mirror Mode



Achievement list

Beat the game any way you want. 

All other achievements require normal.  5 lives, and 5 credits 

Beat level 1,

Beat level 2

beat level 3

Beat level 1 boss no damage
Beat level 2 Boss no damage.
Beat level 3 boss no damage.

Beat Level 1 No hitting Innocents.
Beat Level 2 No hitting innocents.
Beat Level 3 no hitting innocents.

Beat the "secret" fourth boss. 

Beat the "secret" fourth boss no damage.

Beat Ranking Mode.

Beat Mirror Mode. 

Reach 5x Multiplier

Unlock Gun Cheat, but then tell them they can't use it. 

Beat the game on Very Hard

beat training mode. 
    Level 8, when the success indicator flips from 0 to 1.

Beat each enemy in Vs. Training
    Calculate this by checking Hits Vs Hits after time hits 0xff



Leaderboards

Best Score Normal or harder

Best score on Very Hard or harder

Best Training score. 

Best Vs Training score (does that reset?) 

Best score Controller. 



Needs

X How to confirm "Won game" Because each level can be played in any order

x Vs. Training vs. normal training (value appears to be 5 for level for both)

X Confirm winning training 8 reports 8 even though seven appear.
    It does not.  Going to do hits vs hit math. 



X Find out when boss starts   (Looks like boss health) 

X Find out when innocent hurt.

X Figure out "Player 2" has played. 
    Going to have to track the ENTIRE time you're playing.  Sadly. 

X Trigger for fourth boss? 

X Double check "Fighting" secret boss, versus normal. 
    May be a value, but not using it.  Use the life. 

X Unlock Gun Cheat value?

X Need to get "Win" in Levels/stages. 

X Need to get accuracy in arcade mode.   CAn't get it but it's worthless as continue resets it. 

X Confirm Accuracy doesn't change on continue.  (It does) 

X Confirm accuracy is only for the current level. 


X Differenciate ranking from arcade
    Main Menu options 

x Value for triggering End Normal Training/Vs. Training. 
    Normal training we've trapped a success
    Vs. Training we can do the timer at FF, and then compare 2nd player hits vs first player hits


Killed Achievements 

Controller Vs Gun? 


Can't do accuracy unless limited to only Ranking mode. 

Finish Stage 1 with at least 70 percent accuracy

Finish Stage 2 with at least 70 percent accuracy (Does this reset?) 

Finish stage 3 with 70 percent accuracy



Leaderboards Best ranking Score. 

// Don't know where this is properly calculated.


