Why not include Samurai Warrior like Suspect15?  Are you lazy?

Yup. But also I have a plan.  See unlike almost every game in the Warriors franchise.  Samurai Warrior is special.  And I mean that in a bad way.   Basically they made HORRIBLE design choices like having limited points so you can't max out a character, and having enemies level up with you.  You can also reset your character and that can make the game easier (especially with max tier items, which are also easy to earn).  Basically you can make a badly built character, it so bad that SW XL is probably the only "required" XL out of all of the warriors games.   

Because of that I feel like Samurai Warriors DOES deserve it's own set one day (possibly by me) Mostly because I see that as "Hard mode".  Probably won't make that soon, but definitely is a good game for someone who loves the series to dev.   

If someone came along and deved it into this set, I don't have a strong problem with that, but I honestly do feel it's almost a totally different game and would be the worst way to play this title.   Check out almost anyone comparing the normal and XL versions of this game, you'll see that it's almost unanimous  (Even if they like SW more they'll acknowledge they're different games/different difficulties) 

Also I'm a touch lazy. 

Why not an achievement for all weapons?  

Ehh, you'll get everything when you get all the weapons. If you really think second or third are interesting to get... I mean it's not a hard achievement to add, but 5th and 6th is all that's important here. 

Why require Hard/Chaos for the 5th/6th?

Yeah... It gives a decent amount of challenge.  There it is. 

All levels in one session on Chaos?   

Same problem as the entire DW series, there's no way to track Chaos progress (at least not in this game).   At least I didn't do the "No save" achievements.  Those would be painful here.  (or maybe not, I don't know)

Why not block Novice? 

Ok I could, but then people could do stuff in Novice and make achievements unwinable (like Missions).  Or I could make you do all missions in a single playthrough to block novice... and then I'd also have to make it so you play all the levels on normal in a single playthrough.  

Listen, this is a real Warriors game, unlike Dynasty Warriors 3, (And Samurai Warriors 1).  So Easy is easy, Normal is pretty easy, hard gives some challenge, and chaos is soul crushing.  Play the game the way you want.  I choose normal.  I could limit everything to hard, and people would just grind up a character and smash hard *shrug*   My philosphy is give people interesting and fun achievements to earn, and then challenge the top players to finish the set. 

Why do I have to switch discs everytime I start the game?

I looked into this, on DW5 XL it's a simple bit flip.  On SW XL it appears to be more complicated.   Probably were afraid someone could do a one line cheat code and pull something in. 

Who do you recommend?

Magoichi Saika is really fun with his gun, it's a different type of character, and also gives Han Solo vibes at times. 

Goemon and Okuni have unique Musou Modes that were new to the warriors games (And still are the main characters who get stories like that)  They are harder, but "Fresh" ideas.

Tadakatsu Honda and Keiji Maeda are great for fans of Lu bu, Honda might reach his "strength" but definitely not his notoriety in game or in real life (Though he's treated as the Lu Bu of the game... except for well I won't spoil that) 

Heck I like Oda Nobunaga a lot, the "Devil" motif is played well, and common but he's more about power, when people focused on honor.  

Why not an achievement for 1000 in Chaos Mode?

Because Keiji's 6th weapon will require 2000 in Chaos Mode and 2 > 1.

Why not an achievement for level 30 in Abyss mode?

Because Level 30 in abyss mode gives a rare item, so it'd be getting the same achievement twice. 

Why nothing for New Officer? 

Honestly I don't really like the mode that much, but it's rather simple.  The Challenge achievements cover most of these ideas better.  I have thought about a "perfect run" or unlocking all the 
